Hot Beans Web was established in 2007 by David Wood, who previously held roles in a multi-national business. He saw that there was a potential for a slightly different type of Web Design Agency;
David wanted to create a web design agency that could deliver on the fundamentals of providing good quality websites at affordable prices without compromising on quality.
Over a decade and a half later, it has proven to be a successful formula; we have seen the business grow year on year for both Hot Beans and our clients. We have our head office in Peterborough and offices in Northampton.

Our Trusting Clients
Our clients base include many different types and sizes of business, ranging from the sole trader to SME's all the way through to household names.
Hot Beans has had direct and indirect development contracts with some of the world's biggest names, including the likes of Belkin, DSG Group, Ingram Micro, Halfords, Nationwide, and Tesco.
However, our favourite customers are the ones that embrace a website to help start and develop their businesses. These include local plumbers, builders, electricians, home builders and gardeners.
We are always here to help and believe in Givers Gain; if you need any help or advice, we are here to help, and we don’t charge for any consultation ever!

Our People
We are so proud of the people who make Hot Beans who we are. They are a unique set of web designers, web developers, and marketers who come together to deliver on the one shared philosophy: to provide the best solutions for website design to our existing and new customers.
The team at Hotbeans is unusually diverse for the web design industry. As a team, we can focus more on our client's objectives and deliver custom web design and development to exceed our customer's expectations every time.

We are constantly looking for dedicated new talent, wheather formally qualified or self taught. If you think that is you then please fill out our application form and we can start the conversation.

If you like the idea but feel you lack the skills look at our courses page to improve your confidence and technical ability.



Company Address
75 Broadway
Peterborough
PE1 1SY

01733 762255
contactus@hotbeansweb.co.uk