Web Designer
Hot Beans Web - Peterborough PE1
£24,000 - £30,000 a year - Full-time, Permanent
You'll be involved in the technical and graphical aspects of pages and will determine the look of the website as well as how it works. You may also be responsible for the maintenance of an existing site.
The term web developer is sometimes used interchangeably with web designer, but this is misguided. Web developing is a more specialist role, focusing on the back-end development of a website, using programming languages to make the web design a reality that works well.
The growth in touchscreen phones and tablet devices has dictated a new way of designing websites, with the web designer needing to ensure that web pages are responsive no matter what type of device is being used. Therefore, the need to test websites at different stages of design and on a variety of devices, has become an important aspect of the job.
We are seeking a talented Web Designer to work with our team of programmers, and to join our ever-expanding creative team.

You will:
Be working on a multitude of diverse creative projects for different audiences and markets.
Will be responsible for the production of digital assets and website designs.
Execute all visual design stages from concept to final hand-off to engineering
Conceptualize original website design ideas that bring simplicity and user friendliness to complex roadblocks
Create wireframes, storyboards, user flows, process flows and site maps to communicate interaction and design ideas
Present and defend designs and key deliverables to peers and executive level stakeholders
Establish and promote design guidelines, best practices and standards

Essentials:
Proficiency in Photoshop, Illustrator or other visual design and wire-framing tools
Proficiency in HTML, CSS and JavaScript for rapid prototyping
Experience working in an Agile/Scrum development process
Excellent visual design skills with sensitivity to user-system interaction
Ability to solve problems creatively and effectively
Up-to-date with the latest Web trends, techniques and technologies
Proven experience as a Digital / Web Designer – ideally with marketing agency experience. A portfolio of work will be required pre-interview.
High level of proficiency in Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, InDesign, Illustrator and XD).
Solid experience in creating wireframes, storyboards, user flows, process flows and site maps
A great team player.
Strong verbal and written communication skills.
High level of attention to detail and ability to stick to brand guidelines.
Proven ability to initiate and manage projects, including working to tight deadlines and managing your own workloads.
Demonstrable passion for new technologies and design trends.

Desirable
Experience using Figma.
Experience with client-facing communications.
Experience of UX / UI Research and Implementation

What we offer?
Competitive salary.
Additional Holiday to be taken on your birthday.
Company Bonus schemes.
Flexible working – 1 day per week guaranteed from home, if desired.
Regular team outings and socials.
A relaxed, fun and dynamic working environment

Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Salary: £24,000.00-£30,000.00 per year
Additional pay:
Bonus scheme
Performance bonus
Yearly bonus

Benefits:
Casual dress
Company events
Work from home

Schedule:
Monday to Friday