Web Developer
Hot Beans Web - Peterborough PE1
£28,000 - £35,000 a year - Full-time, Permanent

We are now looking to build our in-house systems development team with the appointment of a junior web developer.
The successful candidate will help develop  back and front-end systems for our clients including eCommerce and B2B systems where you can see your ideas come to life.
As a small development team, you will have to opportunity to work across multiple technical domains developing a breadth of skills.

You will:
Your primary task as a web developer will be to create reliable and high-performing web-based applications and services. 
Focusing solely on the underlying software and databases and working with other teams on the interface and visual design.
Establish and promote design guidelines, best practices and standards

Essentials:
Experience with HTML, CSS, & JavaScript
Exposure or Experience with one or more procedural programming languages, such as PHP, Java, C# (.Net), Python, CFML.
Exposure or Experience with one or more associated technologies:
Database technologies (SQL Server, MySQL), Windows Server or Linux Distributions, Development Tools, (IDEs, CLIs, Toolchains), Git (Or another VCS)
An Organised and Pragmatic approach to Solving Problems.
The ability to work as part of a team including both technical and non-technical members.
Proven ability to initiate and manage projects, including working to tight deadlines and managing your own workloads.
Demonstrable passion for new technologies and design trends.

Desirable
In addition to the above the Ideal candidate would have experience working with the Salesforce platform.

What we offer?
Competitive salary.
Additional Holiday to be taken on your birthday.
Company Bonus schemes.
Flexible working – 1 day per week guaranteed from home, if desired.
Regular team outings and socials.
A relaxed, fun and dynamic working environment

Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Salary: £24,000.00-£30,000.00 per year
Additional pay:
Bonus scheme
Performance bonus
Yearly bonus

Benefits:
Casual dress
Company events
Work from home

Schedule:
Monday to Friday